survivors of the October 7 attacks
traveled to Brussels to urge the EU to
continue to back Israel's war against
Hamas but European leaders did not need
much convincing while they agreed to a
need for humanitarian assistance to the
besieged gazans they did not call for a
ceasefire nor condemn the thousands of
Civilian death as a result of Israel's
bombardments isra Israel is a democratic
State Guided by very humanitarian
principles and so we can be certain that
the Israeli Army will respect the rules
that arise from international law in
everything it does I have no doubt about
that but the 27 member states are far
from United countries like Spain the
Netherlands and Belgium were more
critical of Israel's actions Israel has
a right to defend itself but it can
never be an excuse to cut people from
the Necessities to uh to survive and so
the blockage of Gaza is something which
is unacceptable and which should be uh
which should be stopped the EU is
calling for an International Peace
conference to be held soon a long and
heated debate just to decide on the
world's humanitarian pause or pauses
shows deep divisions within the EU when
it comes to Israel some call the Block's
weak response double standard when
compared to how the EU reacted after
Russia invaded Ukraine Ukrainian
president vadir zalinsky perhaps Feeling
overshadowed by events in the Middle
East urge EU leaders to continue their
support making it clear that both Wars
are a threat to stability in Europe step
fasten Al jazer
Brussels make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer